feat(content): New Alien Faction: The Gegno (#6610)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/rulei/rulei outfits.txt

# Copyright (c) 2022 by Saugia
# Endless Sky is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the
# terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
# Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
#
# Endless Sky is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
# WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A

> # PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.
#
# You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
# this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
```

# You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
# this program. If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

outfit "Impulse Engine"
	category "Engines"
	"cost" 20000000
	"mass" 70
	"outfit space" -70
	"engine capacity" -70
	"thrust" 40
	"thrusting energy" 20
	"thrusting heat" 10
	"turn" 600
	"turning energy" 10
	"turning heat" 5
	"flare sound" "ira hum"
	"steering flare sound" "ira hum"

> 	description "A mysterios propusion device the vyu'Ira use to move."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
	description "A mysterious propulsion device the vyu'Ira use to move."
```
